Technophobia - true stories:
A woman called the Canon help desk with a problem with her printer.
The tech asked her if she was "running it under Windows."  The woman
responded, "No, my desk is next to the door. But that's a good point.
The man sitting in the cubicle next to me is under a window, and his
is working fine."

Technophobia - true stories:
Tech Support: "OK Bob, let's press the control and escape keys at the
               same time. That brings up a task list in the middle of
               the screen.
               Now type the letter 'P' to bring up the Program Manager."
Customer:     "I don't have a 'P'."
Tech Support: "On your keyboard, Bob."
Customer:     "What do you mean?"
Tech Support: "'P' on your keyboard, Bob."
Customer:     "I'm not going to do that!"

Overheard in a computer shop:
Customer: "I'd like a mouse mat, please."
Salesperson: "Certainly sir, we've got a large variety."
Customer: "But will they be compatible with my computer?"

Technophobia - true stories:
"I once received a fax with a note on the bottom to fax the document
back to the sender when I was finished with it, because he needed to
keep it." (From a helpdesk department.)

Technophobia - true stories:
Customer in computer shop: "Can you copy the Internet onto this disk
for me?"

Technophobia - true stories:
'I work for a local ISP. Frequently we receive phone calls that start
something like this: Customer: "Hi. Is this the Internet?"'

Technophobia - true stories:
Customer:     "So that'll get me connected to the Internet, right?"
Tech Support: "Yeah."
Customer:     "And that's the latest version of the Internet, right?"
Tech Support: "Uhh...uh...uh...yeah."

Technophobia - true stories:
Tech Support: "All right...now double-click on the File Manager icon."
Customer:     "That's why I hate this Windows - because of the icons - I'm
               a Protestant, and I don't believe in icons."
Tech Support: "Well, that's just an industry term sir.  I don't
               believe it was meant to-"
Customer:     "I don't care about any 'Industry Terms'. I don't believe in
               icons."
Tech Support: "Well...why don't you click on the 'little picture'
               of a filing cabinet...is 'little picture' OK?"
Customer:      [click]

Technophobia - true stories:
Customer:     "My computer crashed!"
Tech Support: "It crashed?"
Customer:     "Yeah, it won't let me play my game."
Tech Support: "All right, hit Control-Alt-Delete to reboot."
Customer:     "No, it didn't crash-it crashed."
Tech Support: "Huh?"
Customer:     "I crashed my game. That's what I said before.
               I crashed my spaceship and now it doesn't work."
Tech Support: "Click on 'File,' then 'New Game.'"
Customer:      [pause] "Wow! How'd you learn how to do that?"
